1. What is the goal of applied science in cybersecurity?
a. To discover how to meet a specific need.


2. The steps of the scientific method are systematic, meaning jumping around the steps in an unplanned way would violate the method.
a. True.

3. If something is falsifiable, it means that …
a. If the hypothesis were false, then you could demonstrate its falsehood.

可证伪的意思是某件事可以被证明是错误的，或者有证据可以反驳它： 
定义:
如果一个理论或假设能够通过经验检验在逻辑上被反驳，那么它就是可证伪的。

可证伪的同义词包括可确认和可验证。

4. Which type of bias leads people to say “| knew that would happen" even when new information distorts an original thought:
b. Hindsight bias

确认偏差是指人类倾向于以确认自己先入之见、信念或假设的方式搜索或解释信息，从而导致统计错误。这种偏差通​​常是无意识和无意的，而不是故意欺骗的结果。

后见之明偏差会导致人们说“我知道会发生这种事”，即使新信息扭曲了最初的想法。后见之明还会导致我们低估科学发现的意外因素。

研究者偏见是指进行研究的研究人员倾向于某个结果。研究人员可以通过他们的研究设计选择来影响结果，包括他们选择将谁纳入研究以及如何解释数据。

选择偏差是指通过研究设计选择来影响结果，包括谁被纳入研究以及如何解释数据。

信息偏差由于数据收集、记录或分析过程中的系统误差而发生

5. When you read scientific papers, you may occasionally find references to the null hypothesis. Which of the following statements about the null hypothesis are true
a. The null hypothesis, often written as H0, is the claim that there is no relationship between two variables.
b. When used, the null hypothesis is offered with an alternative hypothesis called H1.
c. The null hypothesis is assumed to be true, and you must show evidence to prove a relationship that rejects or disproves the null hypothesis.

在科学研究中，零假设(通常表示为H 0)表示所研究的效应不存在。 零假设也可以描述为两组数据或所分析的变量之间不存在任何关系的假设。如果零假设为真，则任何实验观察到的效应都完全是偶然的，因此称为“零”。与零假设相反，提出了备择假设，它声称两个变量之间确实存在关系。

6. Correlational research uses statistical data to determine the extent of a relationship between two or more variables.
a. True

7. Both causal-comparative and experimental research designs attempt toestablish cause-effect relationships among the variables, but the former does not use randomly assigned groups.
a. True

8. Knowing types of data/variables will allow you to:
a. Decide on suitable method(s).
b. Choose the correct statistical test.
c. Define the relevant objectives.

9. How can you tell if something is a mediator?
a. It is caused by the independent variable.
b. It influences the dependent variable.
c. When it is taken into account, the statistical correlation between the independent and dependent variables is higher than when it is not considered.

10. Examples of nominal variables include:
a. Genotype, blood type, zip code, gender, race, eye colour, political party. 

11. Which type of variable explains the process through which two variables are related?
a. Mediator. 

12. Falling to account for which type of variables can cause you to wrongly estimate the relationship between your independent and dependent variables:
a. Confounding.

13. You want to survey the class to find out the month your classmates were born. Which option best describes the type of data you will be collecting?
a. Primary and qualitative.
